Docs/ds 960 breadcrumbs word breaking (#1094)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-twig/src/Resources/components/Breadcrumbs/README.md

descriptiveness and accessibility. Also, UNSAFE styling props are available,
see the [Escape hatches][escape-hatches] section in README to learn how and when to use them.

### Dealing with long titles

When you need to shorten the title of the BreadcrumbsItem you can use both helper class `text-truncate` or Twig's native implementation of text truncating using [`u` filter](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/filters/u.html).
Please see the documentation for more details.

```twig

> {{ 'Lorem ipsum'|u.truncate(8, '...') }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ 'Lorem ipsum'|u.truncate(8, '…') }}
```

Author: Fixed.

descriptiveness and accessibility. Also, UNSAFE styling props are available,
see the [Escape hatches][escape-hatches] section in README to learn how and when to use them.

### Dealing with long titles

When you need to shorten the title of the BreadcrumbsItem the preferred way is to use platform native helpers.

> Twig have implementation of text truncating using [`u` filter](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/filters/u.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twig has an implementation of text truncating using [`u` filter](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/filters/u.html).
```

Reviewer: Please the link to the bottom of the file.
